We can register the mission of the army.
That's right.
Did you order?
So you think it goes back to here?
Oh, Mr. Lee, you're the director of the magazine?
No, I think Senator McCrathie knew all about it.
I would say.
I would like you to have did you ever hear yourself
and gain those letters in your memory for a certain amount?
I did not personally, but Senator McCrathie was right there
on the occasion of what moment for this all happened.
I believe the son of a fat able,
even the last one for a few was enough,
but this, I think he's broken this right, that's right.
You did not fail to understand the mercy
of the women's ability to call on them, that's all I say.
I didn't personally tell them now.
So the day of an attempt is surely the end of the day,
you're the daughter.
Yes sir.
Did you convey your message to him or your father?
He was the bestest of his name.
I don't think that I dare to talk about it.
Did you convey him to the commanding of the army?
To the citizens, no sir.
Did you convey that information to anyone?
I would ask those people within my organization to know about it.
Now, Mr. Secretary, you have told about it.
I would say that you were the first to claim the immense
of the war in the memory of the war,
and that you were the first to claim the war.
That was on the 17th of November.
You are tuned to New York City's own station, WNYC.
You can't just defend it.
I'll be ready to move right to the 7th Army to the back.
As you use it in the senior regular war on WNYC,
I don't have a regular plan.
Where are the regular issues?
Every unit has a...
This is a unit that I'd say to have force to find
and it comes out of what they call a tool.
You just walk through the work that you do there.
Mr. Secretary, here is your work.
It's a school paper and this is for me.
The purpose of it was to cooperate and make it possible for the...
For our Mr. President McCarty,
I have to guess the boss and somebody's the blower.
They had committee business for us and I'd sworn...
That was all over the city.
That's right.
I can't hear you.
You've just been with me for a long time.
That's right.
And that's your power.
This conversation has been going on between the two Ministers.
For each of me.
That's right.
In your specifications number eight.
Which requires not a long-asserting scope of this month.
Give me a second to that, please.
And I have to give you a reverse specification, not for eight, in your go-or-sticking.
We as your press were coupled with our students,
the limits are terminated gains of committee on board amount.
What is the number, sir?
Number eight.
Will you now reach to the committee?
Your press of a commission's number is 5 against the McCarty's press of a committee.
I know about November 6th, sir. That's the one you may have.
The committee's number is 8 to be that.
On to the committee's decision, this is very graduating along.
Members, my team is with the committee.
On November 6th, 1953, Sir McCarty, Mr. Conan, Mr. Carr,
thought to induce and persuade such a serious favor of Mr. Adams,
to arrange for the assignment of Private Sean in New York today
to study and report evidence if any of pro-communist meanings in West Park textbooks.
Mr. Carr and the President are of and with the consent of Senator McCarty and Mr. Carr,
thought to induce and persuade Secretary Steven to Mr. Adams,
to arrange to make Private Sean available for some committee work,
while he was undergoing basic training at Fort Dix New Jersey.
These requests were coupled with promises,
reasonable to limit or to terminate such committee's hearings on Fort Mama.
In other words, that was the consideration they already made.
In the way of the request of you to the Italian and Italian New Yorkers,
the English winner and consideration of your own education of art is used
to monitor the importance of the language of the Italian and Italian New Yorkers.
What are up to living God?
Turn the rate gain to the committee on Fort Mama is better.
No, sir, I was correct.
When it is that not one safe act that they all run into the situation,
we'll follow you to the limits of the hearing to the committee on Fort Mama.
Not the hearing, sir, Mr. Jenkins, not the investigation.
I tried to make it clear that later it's already engaged with the committee on Fort Mama.
That is the consideration of what you hear, Mr. Steven.
According to the hearing that I've been compiling about, not the investigation.
There's not that in the case that you want to be hearing his dissuade areas
that you want to be hearing's terminated.
I just want to justify that I have one of the hearings, Godmunder Control,
so they wouldn't have a very bad effect for having both in the public mind and on the Army.
And I think you've heard this in my head.
You want to be hearing's is for the investigation suspended.
No, sir, not the investigation.
No, no, sir, not the investigation, sir.
The investigation, I said, it should continue on
and that I would make progress reports from time to time.
Thank you, sir.
The fact that you're investigating this investigation number and misuse
is that you want to be hearing's limitedly heard on the Navy.
You do not.
I said that they hear, I think I used the language,
but I thought that the Fort Mama's hearings had served their purpose.
In other words, they pointed the thing up.
It focused the Army's attention on this matter.
We're getting into it.
You want to see investigation can carry on,
but to let us handle the thing,
unless or until we've demonstrated that we couldn't handle it in cleanness situation up.
This is a white Senator McCarthy,
our new staff.
Wooder said, the U now view a science science in New York,
here we are that you study this context to the West Boyth Effect Group.
And if you will do that, we will limit or terminate the hearings
of our committee of Fort Mama's.
These little wives, they would have heard of such a consideration
that you, if you have not previously asked for it.
No, I said, I just seem to have difficulty with the Jenkins
and trying to make this point clear.
After the meeting in New York on the 14th of luncheon,
I've got the impression that Senator McCarthy and his committee were about ready
to turn this investigation, the prosecution of this investigation,
over to the Army.
And we're now talking about the 6th of November.
What I thought was, if they had anything in mind along about the 14th of October,
apparently investigation over to the Army,
but certainly by the 6th of November, that would be true.
Chairman, I have no further questions.
I was in particular at I.R.O.
This length is very, this is a question of Frank Carr,
but I think I should come to order to do so.
His conduct is to Mr. Carr because part of the reason for asking for specificities
on both sides of the defense was so that this committee could know specifically about what
that was being charged against each one of the principals
so that the principals that in turn respond and reply to the charge.
When we had General Smith and General Weber here,
I think they both testified in your presence,
that they did not consider it human power for members of Congress
or individual citizens or friends or relatives of Indo-Kes
to request consideration for a committee,
but rather they felt that they had the qualifications for a commission.
Do you share that reaction and express my general's revered and General Smith?
I guess part of your life was to be asked for one time,
so this merely reading press had a meeting where such a commission would be solicited
would not let take its new opinion comprised on the five Mr. Carr's humanization of impoverry.
Well, Senator, I'm trying my best,
and that one thing I don't want to do is I do not want to be unfair to Mr. Carr or anyone else.
I'm sure that's correct. I want to have it exactly the two-file just exactly as it was.
I cannot recall specific language by Mr. Carr.
I therefore have to go on my recollection of the meeting in which the conversation
with respect to Mr. Sean was definitely led by Mr. Colm
and by opinion Mr. Carr in a much lesser way was interested in the same thing.
You were using your brain to believe that Mr. Carr played a minor part in justice.
Now, I am sure if we leave it as ambiguous as that,
just how would we find out from Mr. Carr when he is a witness?
Whether or not he played that minor part that you seem unable to define,
and those who think injustice to him and just remember to the point
when you discover about a minor part being played,
I don't think so far is your testimony, Mr. Carr.
State that you are not endearing to implicate him as being purely a impoverished.
Mr. Carr and I agree with that completely.
I think I certainly should search my memory
for the very limit of my ability, and I can assure you that that's what I'm trying to do
because I would dislike the extent to greater to say or do anything,
but with the unfair that anybody might Mr. Carr.
Thank you. Because it's almost impossible for this committee to interrogate him
about charges until the debate you appreciate.
Very well, I'm not sure if the secretary of this question should be directed to you
and if it should not, you may tell me to whom it should be directed.
But in your statement on page 152, which you read on the right,
you said that China had obtained 15 passes from the Pope
and the majority of new personnel received only three passes.
Are you in position to tell us why those 15 passes were procuring
to file four and responsible for pressure and what he did at the time of the Pope's pass?
I'm not personal.
I thought we have what the system will be available.
You may be the witness to whom I could direct those questions.
I'll say to our audience.
I want to read you now the telegram, which is included in your testimony.
They did March 12th.
They did deal with a telegram, which you stated you were seen from the center of my heart.
On page 161 of the pass, please.
In view of the news story this morning,
meet on and shine with appreciation if you would make it clear to the press.
At the only time you and I ever discussed the subject of a commission for David's shine was in his presence,
at which time I heard that your full year greed that his case had been treated the same as the case of any other draftee,
and that we agreed that any other handling of the case in view of the investigation of the army
would be extremely bad for the committee and the army,
and that David's shine was present and fully agreed with us in the matter.
Your only comment in your statement was the important thing to note is that he admits having taken up with me the matter of a commission for shine.
The chair agrees that that is important.
He thinks it is also important to know whether or not the statements contained in that telegram are correct or incorrect.
I think that they are incorrect and a lot of part of the telegram.
Will you find out whether the inactivity or the inactivity is working?
Because I don't think Senator McCarthy, my fellow recollection of Senator McCarthy,
and I would have had a raise for our collection of it,
stating that all this business about, like at all being handled, just like everybody else,
that part of the telegram is not an importance for this.
My best degree recollection, he never made such a statement that he would write it.
Otherwise the telegram is correct.
Tell about the wealth.
The statement to the telegram.
I believe it has the bond to this fact that Senator McCarthy, on at least one occasion, took this out.
He states here, the only time I'm not prepared, definitely wouldn't have any difference in the terms of mine from the only time I've worked at least one.
Well, the last two hours ABC Radio has bring bringing you on the scene coverage of the McCarthy Army hearings
direct from the Senate Office Building in Washington.
At this time due to a prior commitment of the network and many of its affiliate stations,
he must leave the hearing for five minutes, after which our live direct coverage of the proceedings will resume.
Stay tuned for your ABC station for further coverage of the McCarthy Army hearings.
This program is coming to you from the Senate Office Building in Washington.
That's right.
Memories that you know need about Fort Manloft and the fact that some of the personnel employed in the defense of the state may have been built in a subversive context.
May I ask there are some more of most of the six defense devices which are developed in the laboratory at Fort Manloft.
Ultimately processed or facilitated by a private defense system.
A lot of it is, yeah, most of us.
So that, if unhappily there are some versus elements in private defense establishments, working out in the preposterous developed at Fort Manloft,
that would be facing the security of our country in jeopardy.
That's right. And that's the point that came up at the luncheon on November 6th when I said this was a problem for the whole defense establishment.
Good. One other question.
And page 245 is about a discussion about the apology or explanation or whatever word most appropriate dismiss your conversation in which you said you tried to calm down as the call.
From Washington, the mutual network is bringing you on the spot coverage of the McCarthy Army hearing.
Our coverage will continue after this 10 second pause for station identification. This is the mutual broadcasting system.
Seven tell on your dial WOR New York.
Back in Washington and mutual coverage of the McCarthy Army hearing.
Secretary of the Army Robert T. Stevens is undergoing cross examination.
You will do it.
I think that maybe it helped a little but I think Mr. Colman will feel very comfortable.
And in the call.
To get this track in proper perspective.
I've listened to this testimony.
And according to my recollection of it.
The assault makes the specific request.
And different requests request of a different nature.
For.
For further treatment for Mr. Sean.
I want to ask you about these. I'll try to ask you in their chronological order.
As I remember the testimony.
I'll ask you to answer and state whether they're true.
The first request that came to you was for a direct commission in the Army.
Is that correct?
Yes.
The second request was for a direct commission in one of the other branches of the service.
Is that correct?
That was another occasion.
I'm trying to think of the chronology of it.
Maybe it would be great.
The chronology is not over important.
No, I want that.
That's correct. Such a request was made.
The third I have here is a commission in the intelligence service.
I'm the Mr. Dulles and you said you went over yourself.
Did I secure that for?
That's three.
And the fourth I have here is that.
The first thing that he was inducted into the service.
They wanted him then reassigned to the committee to do committee work.
Was that a request for a permanent reassignment to the committee?
The repuscities.
There were several Chaparreras.
I have no time for it, but I have a statement.
There was a request for a permanent reassignment to the committee.
I know that.
There was a request for a permanent reassignment to the new York area.
What service was he to perform there?
One for customer.
Check westbound textbooks.
That is a letter request.
What was he to do when he was first to be assigned there?
When the chairman changes his mind about it and said that he included it, it might not be well to do that.
What was he to do that's all that first request?
That was due to the committee work.
There was no customer.
I'm sure the chair must take it on this.
That is the former chairman.
Ever has.
Mr. Sien, be assigned to the committee.
Ever change his mind.
The only testimony on that is that when I heard he was assigned to the committee, I requested that he not be assigned to the committee.
My point is, may I say that the pre-induction period that he was to be assigned there?
Are you testified to someone as that's right?
And I think you, later, the information came to you.
I think to Mr. Colm, that the chairman had changed his mind about that.
And the audience might not be involved because the press would get old of it and make something out of it.
Didn't you so testify?
Yes, I learned about that from Mr. Adams.
Well, anyway, you learned a lot.
You have so testify.
I know it's in the record somewhere.
All right, that is another request.
Now, the fifth out of here I've been was to be assigned to New York for assigned to West Point to check.
The text books at West Point would respect to any commoners propaganda in that direct.
Yes, sir.
Senator McCollum, I don't like to impose on your ten minutes.
I just wonder if, as a personal favor, you had crossed in the secretary and make it very clear that at no time would I ever request the Mr. Shine be assigned to my committee.
That the only conversation I ever had was when I called him and told him it would be a great mistake to assign a man from a draft of my committee back to the committee.
I don't like to impose on your ten minutes.
I find the board have another committee at the committee.
Well, I'm not in a secretary test, but I'm asking him a question.
He can, I assume, undertake to state the facts.
That's all I want I'm trying to get the number, different number of different requests of what may or may not be the first treatment for Mr. Shine.
I mentioned five of the six of them.
I believe it was you have testified that he wanted special privileges after he was in the service in that he was to be given liberty or be given me.
The general, Lee, granted to other enlisted men and you granted that for committee work, yes, sir.
Now, I thank you, that's fine. If I'm wrong about this, I'd Mr. Shine himself suggested to you that he'd make a good undersecretary or assistant secretary of your committee when you drove you over to camp that one.
What's that about, yes sir?
So it adds up to about seven specific requests.
I identify a one of Mr. Shine's requests to you about how well he could serve you in your office.
I don't want that charged against anyone else.
You have no one else involved in that was in his sentry quest.
They ever made all your in his suggestion made to you by either domestic phone or Mr. Carlson and the McCarthy with respect to that that you take him in your office.
Yes sir, Senator McCarthy.
Senator McCarthy, that's all.
So we have a establish here at least, that is the special request for assignments and privileges for Mr. Shine.
That's quite a word.
I would like to have a deal with this.
I wonder if the secretary would make the record clear as well as I asked for an assistant secretary ship or another secretary ship from Mr. Shine.
Last word I asked you.
I like no switch.
What he thought was, what is he?
He said that he's to make the guy to make use of what he called Day-Shan special qualifications.
And in that connection he suggested either as a special intelligence, a special assistant to me on matters of communism or as a special assistant to the chief of the top intelligence division of the staff, RG2.
Well that is for a special assistant instead of just an assistant.
Especially the only difference.
But I didn't get the idea that the companies should be made a assistant secretary at the end.
Well I wanted to clarify.
He wants to be made a special assistant to you by law, the assistant secretary or that correct correct, yet for now I just want to make sure that Mr. Shine also did not be shy in request that he be made a special assistant to you or as an assistant secretary of your, not in a special assistant secretary or a special assistant to me.
So no request was made a due to make an assistant secretary of the art, no request.
All of the requests were as special assistants due to perform a specific sacrifice right.
Now that was in connection with his alleged qualifications as a communist investigator.
Is that correct? That's correct.
Did you look into his qualifications to determine whether he was suitable to perform that service in your office?
No, I thought that no young man of draft age should be brought into my office as a special assistant month, any fact.
So you did not undertake to inquire into his qualifications, not for that purpose no sir, not for that purpose.
Now let me ask you.
Getting very back to my form of questioning, the other 10 minutes period that I had.
You did have you to have the authority if you want to do it.
To all who the supporters, to whom the applications are referred,
he has been rejected application for an act of commission as secretary of the art.
And you want to exercise it.
To all who the assistant and the water is special of a direct commission right into you know.
I'm sure I have a lot of power, Senator.
You do have that power.
That's my, that's the way I am a candidate, so that I could do it.
But the academic would make it because I never would do it.
You never would have it.
If you had done it in this case, you would make that really satisfy my answer request.
Well, I've part of one answer.
The implementation is here.
You just want to make sure.
You were trying to buy all this committee from the university.
They are now here.
That is true.
You did have the authority to buy this commission and all the remaining indian.
Yes sir.
You refused to go that far.
You did not give me that.
I am your authority in the indian grocery.
And that is your request.
All of the industrial solutions with them and the many more of these.
What you are trying to do is to make the implementation of the entire administration request.
You did have the power to buy.
What do you receive?
Yes sir.
I did have the right.
I'll just drive around in the column.
Let's turn the phone over.
In this time, the time is expired.
I'll just do fireworks.
Mr. Chairman, I want to report to you.
I think that first is completely improper and unfair.
The implication is that this chairman could have involved all the other citizens.
That this chairman's federal government has involved all this investigation.
But if you can make whatever you want from the university, you should escape.
And he has been passionate about it.
And he is the repaid of the power of the university and I have given this question.
If that power of the power was a part of the implementation of the forces that it can ask,
he gave it to you.
If you still want me to be proud of that, that might have satisfied my situation.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, can I have a hand as expired?
Mr. Chairman, report to order.
Take this final order.
I just want to point out that the implication there is that this chairman could have been involved all.
There's no evidence this chairman would ever have been involved all thanks to the hearing.
And no more involved involved any hearing.
Mr. Chairman, the chair of the audience, if they are here at the Guest and the Committee,
and there will be no manifestations of approval or disapproval.
That is the first violation that we have had from the audience.
I am not going to ask this time that the officers who move from the room, those participating.
But I am going to ask hereafter without further instructions from the chair, those violating our standing order,
the officers who kindly correspondingly remove them from the room.
The senator, Mr. Chairman, here at Point of Riding to Up.
I believe it is the point of order.
It is that it's 4.40 pm and I am a strong believer in union hours from my work in the court.
Maybe a chair today that's a request of the county's done the committee,
who is not going around and able to second stop.
He had suggestions that each member of the committee to give an institution 10 minutes.
Overruled by the committee, why, of course, your point of order from the state would like to give those of the actions of our committee,
the same opportunity of those of the senate, I bow to that. Thank you.
Thank you, sir.
We will try as well out as we will, including in your 10 minutes, and as we start, we will be done.
I assume that the passes were granted to the private shone,
that they were in writing from day to day, very likely signed by his immediate commanding officer.
I think they were. Was there any formal memorandum to the common dance I had?
4th, suggesting that he be given passes day after day to carry on to the assignment.
No, sir. There is nothing in writing then to cover that matter.
No, sir. Was there anything in writing with respect to assignment to a kitchen priest, do you?
I, as does that say, Senator, I really don't know. I just haven't been able to follow all of the details of the private shone and other private general lion.
I'm sure we have learned to those thoughts, but I just can't do so, because I don't have the information.
But in surprise, you and General Ryan, and Senator, there is no written memoranda covering a weekend passes,
non-assignment to KP, do the amount sort of being dealt.